Ooh, cool.
Oh, thank you Brother Zhou for the treat today.
Otherwise, this place really can't afford it.
That
It's getting late
Or I'll send someone to deliver it
Qin Gongzi replied, no need, no need
I'll go slowly by myself and digest it first
Brother Da Qin, walk slowly, let's go
It's not safe for me to lean back
Oops, never mind
I'm on orders
I don't believe anyone dares to touch me
Master, go back to the mansion
This man is not simple
Forget it, go back first
OK
What's wrong with me, bro, what are you doing in my room?
I have something to tell you.
I was followed today.
How come?
Do you know who the other party is?
Well it's not just me
Senior sister and little sister also feel this way
I just went to the roof to check it out
We found some grass nearby moving as well.
We are likely to be watched.
The people of the Sun family are not
It could also be His Majesty's people
People who investigate and respond to the case have accidents one after another
It is impossible for His Majesty not to send someone to protect this big brother. Where have you been?
Why are you back so late?
I'm going to cut uh
Ask someone to turn it on and go to Guanhe, it took a while
You turned it on. Shh.
Be quiet and be happy
Lvyan Villa